Basic Rules of Blackjack
1.	Objective: The goal is to have a hand value closer to 21 than the dealer's hand without exceeding 21.
2.	Card Values:
o	Number cards (2-10) are worth their face value.
o	Face cards (J, Q, K) are worth 10.
o	Aces can be worth 1 or 11, whichever is more beneficial for the player.
Initial Deal
1.	Each player and the dealer are dealt two cards.
2.	One of the dealer's cards is dealt face-up (the "up card"), and the other is face-down (the "hole card").
Player Actions
1.	Hit: The player takes an additional card.
2.	Stand: The player takes no more cards and ends their turn.
3.	Double: The player doubles their initial bet, takes exactly one more card, and then stands.
4.	Split: If the player has two cards of the same rank, they can split them into two separate hands, each with its own bet. Each hand is then played to completion.
o	Special Case for Aces: When splitting Aces, the player receives only one additional card for each Ace and cannot hit further.
o	Re-splitting: If the player draws another identical card after splitting, they have the option to split again.
5.	Surrender: The player forfeits half of their bet and ends their turn. This action is only available on the initial two cards.
Dealer Actions
1.	The dealer must hit until their hand value is 17 or higher.
2.	Soft 17: If the dealer has a "soft 17" (a hand containing an Ace valued as 11, e.g., Ace and 6), the dealer's action depends on the rules configuration:
o	The dealer may hit or stand on soft 17 based on the configured rules.
Game Outcomes
1.	Blackjack: If the player or dealer has an Ace and a 10-value card as their initial two cards, it is a Blackjack.
o	If both the player and dealer have Blackjack, it is a tie (push).
o	If only the player has Blackjack, the player wins.
o	If only the dealer has Blackjack, the player loses.
2.	Bust: If the player's hand value exceeds 21, they bust and lose immediately.
3.	Comparison: If neither the player nor the dealer busts, the hands are compared:
o	The hand with the value closer to 21 wins.
o	If the hand values are equal, it is a tie (push).
Special Rules Implemented
1.	Double: The player receives exactly one more card and then stands.
2.	Split: The player can split pairs into separate hands and play each hand to completion.
o	Special handling for splitting Aces.
o	Re-splitting is allowed if the player draws another identical card.
o Unless the house rules prohibit it, a player can Double after splitting cards (except Aces).
3.	Surrender: The player can surrender on the initial two cards, forfeiting half of their bet.
Debugging and Output
1.	The program prints the initial hands, actions taken, and the final hands with results.
2.	Periodic reporting of the number of wins, losses, ties, and blackjacks after every 100 hands.
Example Output
Initial player hand: [5 of Clubs, 7 of Diamonds], dealer hand: [10 of Clubs, Q of Clubs]
Player hand: 12, Dealer card: T, Action: H, Row: 8, Column: 10
Player hits: [5 of Clubs, 7 of Diamonds, 3 of Diamonds]
Player hand: 15, Dealer card: T, Action: H, Row: 12, Column: 10
Player hits: [5 of Clubs, 7 of Diamonds, 3 of Diamonds, 5 of Spades]
Player hand: 20, Dealer card: T, Action: S, Row: 18, Column: 10
Dealer hits: [10 of Clubs, Q of Clubs, 9 of Hearts]
Dealer busts with hand: [10 of Clubs, Q of Clubs, 9 of Hearts]
Final player hands: [[5 of Clubs, 7 of Diamonds, 3 of Diamonds, 5 of Spades]], dealer hand: [10 of Clubs, Q of Clubs, 9 of Hearts] (29), Result: W
